ablution I mean I became vegan just in
January this year and the main reason
that I became vegan was for ethical
reasons and know that I even knew
anything about I think I knew and I
don't know anything about veganism but
it was through doing some yoga and also
you know how yoga's Cana intertwined
with a Buddhist philosophy and I'm not
even gonna talk to you about good as
philosophy because I don't even know
much about it and I know you do and
however you know that it was all this
came at their hands at and non harming
and the more I read about it the more of
us like you know I can and I studied
earth science at University Philippa and
I was like I'm really amp environmental
issues and then honestly I can't call
myself an environment and
environmentalist or an animal lover and
I'm so heinous and I'm loving this
unethical a style but I was scared to go
vegan the cause of my eating disorder
and I thought that veganism was this
weird eating disorder thing and but they
know what a wee bit more than two and I
was like you know I can't live like this
anymore so I just over night I went
vegan I mentioned then you know while I
went online teaching a search for things
and you know what happens when you
google vegan you get a banana get one
from a year and so that was Kanan also
the path I wit day and but you know what
just in the last one since I've said
your content that's that's opening my
eyes to a lot of things does those are
my eyes to issues that have never even
crossed my mind before you even the
thing like the pay ownership I I'd love
even thought about that as being you
know it's just something that's so
natural everyone's got a body dog or a
cat pretty much so I haven't even
thought about these things and no it's
like your content is just making me
thank you seeing the warrant and a whole
different light and that's what I really
needed it not just not just to help me
be a better person up there a vegan but
to help me actually recover and pursue
the company because
when you've got an eating disorder or
any illness or addiction quite often you
get stuck often the Fermi mentality and
you look what your video the other day
that you done and oh god what was it
there you're done a video is quite
something like this suffering what is it
called and then that just walk to me and
I was like wow that is like exactly I
had I've been like Cana really and just
caught up in my own my own problems and
my own issues and cure me but then now
that I'm when you become vegan and you
become aware of all the all the other
issues that are going on in the world
and our other things that you're going
off in your videos it's like my problems
are so insignificant compared to best
and no it's like um every choice that I
make is not just for me you know it's
not all about me anymore in fact this
hardly about me at all I'm not the issue
the issue is meeting the what would
update our police and that you've got no
idea how significant that as for someone
who's the confident it's absolutely it's
a game-changer it really as I game
changer for me and I don't even I don't
really know how to describe or or if
it's even making any sense ah da new CN
i remember it was not too long ago that
durianrider and the illustrious Julia
bore were were both claiming that
somehow I was in a sexual triangle with
like you and Julia that like like at the
same time I was trying to seduce like
you in Scotland and Julia and Chiang Mai
and they were constantly including you
in the category of underage girls so
like the amount of imagination involved
here is like one that you're supposed to
be I don't even know how young 15 like
younger than I actually am but the thing
is like just thinking about it now it's
so absurd and just ridiculous God and
and that I could be sent to prison for
this you know if there was if there was
a guy doing that if there was a guy
trying to seduce you what's gone I don't
know maybe he'd be a nice guy is that
really like a criminal oh my god it's
fully law and I just just go over it's
just a sort of that euless and the fact
has like even when I like spoke to do it
neither there is nothing to even suggest
that he just came out with it yourself
he made it all up and has made which
dish shoes like has made doesn't it just
shows like what has thinking is all
about it ah because even Julia herself
doesn't think that didn't think anything
of that came in nature and he does it I
yes that was true you're not bye-bye
that's true but at one point I remember
Julia was kind of elaborating a story on
her blog that I was this mystery man who
was seducing a tremendous number of
women in Chiang Mai she invented a kind
of fantasy life for me as [ __ ] but she
did not fancy herself as being the main
object of my desire and those in those
fantasies I was apparently just trying
to get as many as many women as possible
so you know this reflects the the
creative potential of Julia as an author
one day I hope she goes on to become a
romance novelist occasionally stay over
oh it's Lauren it's such an irony I
don't think I've told you this I told a
few people but my parents actually like
asked me if I wanted to do that what
would like just a couple weeks ago they
were like oh well like seeing as your
job in China didn't work out do you want
to just take a year off and like live in
Thailand and like look and there they
actually said to me and they're like you
know like your income from patreon it's
probably enough and we can help you out
like you know they'd help me out if I
had a problem or needed an airplane
ticket or something this this is the
opposite of everything i believe it
you stand for lies just the opposite i
can just imagine you bringing a video
and seen two people yes or my parents
are and you offered me to like king of
like like pay for me and everything so
I'm just gonna take a hero in Thailand I
could just imagine it that video I'm
gonna move in to extort a vegan Ava and
Joe best